tiup: add 4 docs dm-prune/start/stop/reload (#5308)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-component-dm-prune.md

---
title: tiup dm prune
---

# tiup dm prune

> When scaling in the cluster<!--(/tiup/tiup-component-dm-scale-in.md) -->, a small amount of metadata in etcd is not cleaned up, which usually causes no problem. If you need to clean up the metadata, you can manually execute the `tiup dm prune` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you scale in the cluster<!--(/tiup/tiup-component-dm-scale-in.md) -->, a small amount of metadata in etcd is not cleaned up, which usually causes no problem. If you need to clean up the metadata, you can manually execute the `tiup dm prune` command.
```
Note that when the subject in the subordinate clause is different from that of the main clause, you can't omit the former.

> When [scaling in the cluster]<!--(/tiup/tiup-component-dm-scale-in.md) -->, a small amount of metadata in etcd is not cleaned up, which usually causes no problem. If you need to clean up the metadata, you can manually execute the `tiup cluster prune` command.

Reviewer 2: Should the `tiup cluster prune` here be `tiup dm prune`? Because this file introduces the `tiup dm prune` command...

Also, the Chinese version might need to be edited as well.

Author: updated

> When [scaling in the cluster](/tiup/tiup-component-dm-scale-in.md), a small amount of meta-information in etcd is not cleaned up, which usually causes no problem. If you need to clean the meta-information up, you can manually execute the `tiup cluster prune` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you [scale in the cluster](/tiup/tiup-component-dm-scale-in.md), a small amount of metadata in etcd is not cleaned up, which usually causes no problem. If you need to clean up the metadata, you can manually execute the `tiup cluster prune` command.
```
Is this `metadata` or `meta-information`? @lucklove

Reviewer 3: I think both is OK...
